Document why we don't share feedback after interviews (#445)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/people-ops/hiring.md

   - Interviewers take written notes during the interview so there is an objective record of the interview that can be referenced when making a hiring decision.
   - All interviewers submit written feedback independently before being able to see feedback from other interviewers.
   - We maintain a consistent hiring decision process for all candidates.

## Sharing feedback

We don't share specific reasons or feedback if we decide not to move forward in our hiring process with a candidate.

We can only interview and hire a finite number of people in a given amount of time, so we move forward with only a few of the best candidates at each stage of our hiring pipeline.

> Ultimately, each hiring decision is a complex judgement call based on many inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ultimately, each hiring decision is a complex one based on many inputs.
```
"judgement call" to me implies lack of decision structure/framework (even though there is always a bit of judgement)
